REALNETWORKS, INC.
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
REALNETWORKS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

REDISTRIBUTION NOT PERMITTED

License for RealNetworks Products and Services
IMPORTANT -- READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS
SOFTWARE: This License Agreement for certain
RealNetworks Products ("License Agreement") is a
legal agreement between you (either an individual
or an entity) and RealNetworks, Inc. and its
suppliers and licensors (collectively "RN", "Real"
or "RealNetworks") for the RealNetworks software
which may include components provided by suppliers
and licensors to RN ("Software") and RealNetworks
services ("Services"). The Software may include
any of the following RealNetworks products
including any combination of such products and
Alpha, Beta, trial, pre-release, free, pay and
premium versions of the products (collectively,
"RN Products") RealPlayer, RealPlayer Plus,
RealJukebox, or any other RN provided software
media player. You may install only ONE copy of the
Software. The Services may include RN's Real
Services.  The Services include product upgrades,
support and access to content as described.  You
may only receive the Services if you are a Service
subscriber in good standing with a valid,
authorized credit or debit card on file with
RealNetworks, or if you are in the trial period of
the Services.  By clicking on the "Accept" button,
installing, copying or otherwise using the
Software, you agree to be bound by the terms of
this License Agreement. If you do not agree to the
terms of this License Agreement, click on the
"cancel" button and/or do not install the
Software.

FOR YOUR USE OF THE REAL SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY THE "TERMS OF SERVICE" ATTACHED HERETO AS
EXHIBIT A.  PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO
REALNETWORKS IS GOVERNED BY THE REALNETWORKS
PRIVACY POLICY AT
http://www.realnetworks.com/company/privacy/index.html

YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND/OR
SERVICES ACKNOWLEDGES THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS
LICENSE AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ANY THIRD
PARTY'S PLUG-IN, THAT MAY BE PROVIDED WITH THE
SOFTWARE IS INCLUDED FOR USE AT YOUR OPTION. IF
YOU CHOOSE TO USE SUCH THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, THEN
SUCH USE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY SUCH THIRD PARTY'S
LICENSE AGREEMENT, IF AN ELECTRONIC COPY OF SUCH
LICENSE AGREEMENT IS INSTALLED IN THE APPROPRIATE
RN PRODUCT FOLDER ON YOUR COMPUTER UPON
INSTALLATION OF THE SOFTWARE. REALNETWORKS IS NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY THIRD PARTY'S SOFTWARE AND
SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THIRD
PARTY SOFTWARE. 

1. GRANT OF LICENSE. 
RN hereby grants to you a non-exclusive license to
use the Software and any related documentation
("Documentation") subject to the following terms:


a) You may: (i) use the Software on any single
computer; (ii) use the Software on a second
computer so long as the first and second computers
are not used simultaneously; and (iii) copy the
Software for back-up and archival purposes,
provided any copy must contain all of the original
Software's proprietary notices. 

b) The Software may include certain plug-in or
shared library components ("Plug-Ins"). You may
only call to or otherwise use such Plug-Ins
through the use of the RealPlayer application. Any
direct use of Plug-Ins through a non-RN
proprietary application, including a custom or
user-written application, is prohibited by this
Agreement. 

c) RN may modify this License Agreement with
respect to free versions of the Software upon 14
days written notice to you, including notice via
the communications features described below. 

2. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS. 
a) You may not: (i) permit other individuals to
use the Software except under the terms listed
above; (ii) modify, translate, reverse engineer,
decompile, disassemble (except to the extent that
this restriction is expressly prohibited by law)
or create derivative works based upon the Software
or Documentation; (iii) copy the Software or
Documentation (except for back-up or archival
purposes); (iv) rent, lease, transfer, or
otherwise transfer rights to the Software or
Documentation; or (v) remove any proprietary
notices or labels on the Software or
Documentation.  Any such forbidden use shall
immediately terminate your license to the
Software. The playback and download features of
the Software are intended only for use with public
domain or properly licensed content and content
creation tools. You may require a patent,
copyright, or other license from a third party to
create, copy, download, record or save content
files for playback by this Software or to serve or
distribute such files to be played back by the
Software. b) You agree that you shall only use the
Software and Documentation in a manner that
complies with all applicable laws in the
jurisdictions in which you use the Software and
Documentation, including, but not limited to,
applicable restrictions concerning copyright and
other intellectual property rights.  c) You may
only use the Software for your private,
non-commercial use. You may not use the Software
in any way to provide, or as part of, any
commercial service or application. Copies of
content files, including, but not limited to songs
and other audio recordings, which are downloaded
or copied using the Software, and which are
protected by the copyright laws or related laws of
any jurisdiction, are for your own personal use
only and may not be distributed to third parties
or performed outside your normal circle of family
and social acquaintances.  d) You may not use the
Software in an attempt to, or in conjunction with,
any device, program or service designed to
circumvent technological measures employed to
control access to, or the rights in, a content
file or other work protected by the copyright laws
of any jurisdiction.  

3. COPIES OF SOFTWARE AND ENHANCEMENTS.
If you receive the first copy of the Software
electronically and a second copy on physical
media(e.g., CD, diskette, etc.),the second copy
may be used for archival purposes only and may not
be transferred to or used by any other person.
This license does not grant you any right to any
enhancement or update. 

4. ALPHA RELEASE VERSIONS. 
In the event that the Software is a alpha release
version, the terms of this Section shall apply.
Your license to use the Software expires 45 days
after installation (or such other period as
indicated by the Software) and the Software may
cease to function. The Software you are receiving
may contain more or less features than the
commercial release of the RN Product that RN
intends to distribute. While RN intends to
distribute a commercial release of the Software,
RN reserves the right at any time not to release a
commercial release of the Software or, if
released, to alter features, specifications,
capabilities, functions, licensing terms, release
dates, general availability or other
characteristics of the commercial release. You
agree that the alpha release versions are not
suitable for production use and may contain errors
affecting their proper operation. You agree that
you will not do anything to circumvent or defeat
the features designed to stop the Software from
operating after the license expires. 

5. BETA RELEASE OR PRE-RELEASE
VERSIONS. In the event that the Software is a beta
release or pre-release version, the terms of this
Section shall apply. Your license to use the
Software expires 120 days after installation (or
such other period as indicated by the Software)
and the Software may cease to function. The
Software you are receiving may contain more or
less features than the commercial release of the
RN Product that RN intends to distribute. While RN
intends to distribute a commercial release of the
Software, RN reserves the right at any time not to
release a commercial release of the Software or,
if released, to alter features, specifications,
capabilities, functions, licensing terms, release
dates, general availability or other
characteristics of the commercial release. You
agree that the beta release or pre-release
versions are not suitable for production use and
may contain errors affecting their proper
operation. You agree that you will not do anything
to circumvent or defeat the features designed to
stop the Software from operating after the license
expires.

6. AUTOMATIC COMMUNICATIONS FEATURES.  
a) Cookies: The Software also allows
the use of cookies, similar to an Internet
browser. This allows any website to set cookies
for you when you view any of the website's content
through the Software, unless you have disabled
cookies. If you have disabled cookies, you may be
asked to login each time you access premium
software features and services and some Real
services may not function properly. To learn more,
visit the RealNetworks Privacy Policy link on our
website at
http://www.realnetworks.com/company/privacy/index.html. 

b) AutoUpdate: The RealPlayer, using AutoUpdate,
has the capacity to automatically communicate with
RN's servers on the Internet to check for updates
to RN's and RN partner's software, such as bug
fixes, patches, enhanced functions, missing
plug-ins and new versions.  RN may download
updates during the periodic checks (if the
automatic update option is enabled), when you
manually check for updates, or when RealPlayer
detects a file it does not support. AutoUpdate
sends information about installed RealNetworks'
products and components to the servers to
determine upgrade availability. If an upgrade is
available, RealPlayer notifies the users before
downloading and installing the update. If you
prefer to manually update the RealPlayer, follow
these steps: In the General pane of the Player
Preferences, please select "Manually" in the
"Check for software updates" option.

7. DIGITAL RIGHTS MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS ("DRMs"). 
The Software may include third party DRMs as
Plug-in components which are subject to their own
license agreements. DRMs are designed to manage
and enforce intellectual property rights in
digital content purchased over the Internet. You
may not take any action to circumvent or defeat
the security or content usage rules provided or
enforced by either the DRM or the Software. DRMs
may be able to revoke your ability to use
applicable content. RN is not responsible for the
operation of the DRM in any way, including
revocation of your content. RN is not responsible
for any communications to or from any third party
DRM provider, or for the collection or use of
information by third party DRMs. You consent to
the communications enabled and/or performed by the
DRM. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless RN
for any claim relating to your use a third party
DRM.  

8. TITLE. 
Title, ownership, rights, and intellectual
property rights in and to the Software and
Documentation shall remain in RN and/or its
suppliers. The Software and the Services are
protected by the copyright laws of the United
States and international copyright treaties.
Title, ownership rights and intellectual property
rights in and to the content accessed through the
Software and the Services ("Content") including
the content contained in the Software media
demonstration files, shall be retained by the
applicable Content owner and may be protected by
applicable copyright or other law. This license
gives you no rights to such Content. 

9. WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES. 

(a) For the Pay and Premium versions of RN
Products, the following terms apply: 

LIMITED WARRANTY. RN warrants that for a period of
ninety (90) days from the date of acquisition the
Software, if operated as directed, will
substantially achieve the functionality described
in the Documentation. RN does not warrant however
that your use of the Software will be
uninterrupted or that the operation of the
Software will be error-free or secure. RN also
warrants that the media containing the Software,
if provided by RN, is free from defects in
material and workmanship and will so remain for
ninety (90) days from the date you acquire the
Software. __(i) No Other Warranties.  NO OTHER
WARRANTIES: TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW RN AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL
OTHER WARRANTIES EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, THE
ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS AND ANY
ACCOMPANYING HARDWARE.  If any modifications are
made to the Software by you during the warranty
period; if the media is subjected to accident
abuse or improper use; or if you violate the terms
of this License Agreement, this warranty shall
immediately terminate. This warranty shall not
apply if the Software is used on or in conjunction
with hardware or Software other than the
unmodified version of hardware and Software with
which the Software was designed to be used as
described in the Documentation. THIS LIMITED
WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS; YOU MAY
HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM
STATE/JURISDICTION TO STATE/JURISDICTION. 

(ii) Customer Remedies. RN's sole liability for a
breach of this warranty shall be in RN's sole
discretion: (i) to replace your defective media;
or (ii) to advise you how to achieve substantially
the same functionality with the Software as
described in the Documentation through a procedure
different from that set forth in the
Documentation; or (iii) if the above remedies are
impracticable, to refund the license fee, if any,
you paid for the Software. Repaired, corrected or
replaced Software and Documentation shall be
covered by this limited warranty for the period
remaining under the warranty that covered the
original Software or if longer for thirty (30)
days after the date RN either shipped to you the
repaired or replaced Software or advised you as to
how to operate the Software so as to achieve the
functionality described in the Documentation,
whichever is applicable. Only if you inform RN of
the problem with the Software during the
applicable warranty period and provide evidence of
the date you acquired the Software will RN be
obligated to honor this warranty. 

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES
AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY WHETHER IN TORT CONTRACT
OR OTHERWISE SHALL RN OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR
RESELLERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR
ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK
STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OR ANY
AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES EVEN IF
RN SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY.
FURTHER, IN NO EVENT SHALL RN'S LIABILITY UNDER
ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE
LICENSEFEE PAID TO RN FOR THE SOFTWARE AND
DOCUMENTATION. BECAUSE SOMESTATES/JURISDICTIONS DO
NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE
LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 

(b) For the Free, Trial, Pre-Release, Alpha, and
Beta versions of RN Products, the Services and the
Content, the following terms apply: 

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY & LIMIT OF LIABILITY. THE
SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE
PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, RN
FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT
OF THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE,
DOCUMENTATION, SERVICES AND CONTENT REMAINS WITH
YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL RN BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS
INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT
OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO
USE THE SOFTWARE, THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT,
EVEN IF RN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES. RN's TOTAL LIABLITY FOR ANY DIRECT
DAMAGES SHALL NOT EXCEED TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS
($25.00). BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR
CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE
LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. RN DOES NOT
ENDORSE, WARRANT OR GUARANTEE ANY CONTENT PROVIDED
BY OR THROUGH RN. 

10. INDEMNIFICATION. 

This Software and the Services are intended for
use only with properly licensed media, content,
and content creation tools. It is your
responsibility to ascertain whether any copyright,
patent or other licenses are necessary and to
obtain any such licenses to serve and/or create,
compress or download such media and content. You
agree to record, play back and download only those
materials for which you have the necessary patent,
copyright and other permissions, licenses, and/or
clearances. You agree to hold harmless, indemnify
and defend RN, its officers, directors and
employees, from and against any losses, damages,
fines and expenses (including attorneys' fees and
costs) arising out of or relating to any claims
that you have (i) viewed, downloaded, encoded,
compressed, copied or transmitted any materials
(other than materials provided by RN) in
connection with the Software in violation of
another party's rights or in violation of any law,
or (ii) violated any terms of this License
Agreement. If you are importing the Software from
the United States, you shall indemnify and hold RN
harmless from and against any import and export
duties or other claims arising from such
importation.  

11. TERMINATION. 
This License Agreement will automatically
terminate if you fail to comply with any term
hereof. No notice shall be required from RN to
effect such termination. You may also terminate
this License Agreement at any time by notifying RN
in writing of termination.  Upon any termination
of this License Agreement, you shall immediately
discontinue use of the Software and shall within
three (3) days return to RN, or certify
destruction of, all full or partial copies of the
Software, documentation and related materials
provided by RN. Your obligation to pay accrued
charges and fees shall survive any termination of
this License Agreement.

12. NO ASSIGNMENT. 
This Agreement is personal to you, and may not be
assigned without RN's express written consent. In
the event that you are an entity that merges with
another entity or are acquired by another entity
during the Term, you shall provide written notice
of such merger or acquisition not later than the
date on which any public announcement is made. If
RN does not consent to assignment of this
Agreement to the new or acquiring entity in such
merger or acquisition, RN may terminate this
Agreement on thirty (30) days' written notice.
Both parties shall perform under this Agreement
until such termination is effective. 
 
13. TECHNICAL SUPPORT. 
Technical support for the Software, as made
available by RN, is described at RN's technical
support website: http://service.real.com. 

14. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS AND EXPORT
RESTRICTIONS. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS:
This Software and documentation are provided with
RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication or disclosure
by the Government is subject to restrictions set
forth in subparagraphs (a) through (d) of the
Commercial Computer Software--Restricted Rights at
FAR 52.227-19 when applicable, or in subparagraph
(c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and
Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013,
and in similar clauses in the NASA FAR supplement,
as applicable.  Manufacturer is RealNetworks,
Inc./2601 Elliott, Suite 1000/Seattle, Washington
98121. You are responsible for complying with all
trade regulations and laws both foreign and
domestic.  You acknowledge that none of the
Software or underlying information or technology
may be downloaded or otherwise exported or
re-exported (i) into Afghanistan
(Taliban-controlled areas), Cuba, Iran, Iraq,
Libya, North Korea, Serbia (except Kosovo), Sudan
and Syria or any other country subject to a U.S.
embargo; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury
Department's list of Specially Designated
Nationals or the U.S.  Commerce Department's
Denied Parties List or Entity List. By using the
Software you are agreeing to the foregoing and are
representing and warranting that (i) no U.S.
federal agency has suspended, revoked, or denied
you export privileges, (ii) you are not located in
or under the control of a national or resident of
any such country or on any such list, and (iii)
you will not export or re-export the Software to
any prohibited county, or to any prohibited
person, entity, or end-user as specified by U.S.
export controls. For more information on the U.S.
Export Administration Regulations (EAR), 15 C.F.R.
Parts 730-774, and the Bureau of Export
Administration ("BXA"), please see the BXA
homepage (http://www.bxa.doc.gov). 

15. IMPORTANT--MISCELLANEOUS.  

a)  Arbitration & Jurisdiction. You and RN agree
that the exclusive remedy for all disputes and
claims relating in any way to, or arising out of,
this Agreement, the Software or Services, or your
use of the Software or Services shall be final and
binding arbitration.  The arbitration shall be
conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules
of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA")
and AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer
Related Disputes ("AAA Consumer Rules"). The
arbitration shall take place in the State of
Washington. To the fullest extent permitted by
law:  no arbitration under this License Agreement
shall be joined to any other arbitration,
including any arbitration involving any other
current or former licensee of RN; no class
arbitration proceedings shall be permitted; no
finding or stipulation of fact in any other
arbitration, judicial or similar proceeding may be
given preclusive or collateral estoppel effect in
any arbitration hereunder (unless determined in
another proceeding between you and RN); and no
conclusion of law in any other arbitration may be
given any weight in any arbitration hereunder
(unless determined in another proceeding between
you and RN).  Your arbitration fees and your share
of arbitrator compensation will be limited to
those set forth in the AAA's Consumer Rules with
the remainder paid by RN.  If such costs are
determined to be excessive, RN will pay all
arbitration fees and arbitrator compensation.  You
and RN may litigate in court only to compel
arbitration under this Agreement, stay proceedings
pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate
or enter judgment on the award rendered by the
arbitrator(s).  You and RN hereby consent to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts sitting in the State of Washington to
enforce the provisions of this Section 16 and to
resolve any disputes and claims cognizable in
court relating in any way, or arising out of, this
Agreement, the Software or Services or your use of
the Software or Services.  The court, not the
arbitrator, shall determine arbitrability and
enforce the arbitration agreements contained
herein, including the prohibition on consolidated
arbitrations and class arbitration.  This
Agreement and all disputes and claims relating in
any way to, or arising out of, this Agreement, the
Software or Services or your use of the Software
or Services shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Washington and the Federal Arbitration
Act. 
 
b) Complete Agreement. This Agreement shall
constitute the complete and exclusive agreement
between us, notwithstanding any variance with any
purchase order or other written instrument
submitted by you, whether formally rejected by RN
or not. The acceptance of any purchase order is
you place is expressly made conditional on your
consent to the terms set forth herein. The terms
and conditions contained in this Agreement may not
be modified by you except in a writing duly signed
by you and an authorized representative of RN. If
any provision of this Agreement is held to be
unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall
be reformed only to the extent necessary to make
it enforceable, and such decision shall not affect
the enforceability of such provision under other
circumstances, or of the remaining provisions
hereof under all circumstances. This Agreement
will not be governed by the United Nations
Convention of Contracts for the International Sale
of Goods, the application of which is hereby
expressly excluded. 

Revised as of September 7, 2007

Copyright (c) 1995-2007 RealNetworks, Inc. and/or
its suppliers and licensors. 2601 Elliott Ave.,
Suite 1000, Seattle, Washington 98121 U.S.A. All
rights reserved.  RealNetworks, RealAudio,
RealVideo, RealMedia, RealSystem, RealPlayer,
RealJukebox and Real Services are registered
trademarks or trademarks of RealNetworks, Inc.  
Additionally, with respect to any code provided or
licensed by Microsoft Corporation, Microsoft
Licensing GP, or a related entity, this product is
protected by certain intellectual property rights
of Microsoft.  Use or distribution of such
technology outside of this product is prohibited
without a license from Microsoft.  

EXHIBIT A 

REALNETWORKS, INC., TERMS OF SERVICE 

Terms of Service for Real Services

1. PAYMENT & SERVICES.
Following the expiration of a trial period that
may be provided to you in the sole discretion of
RealNetworks, you agree to pay RealNetworks the
monthly service charges for your use of the
Services using a valid credit card, plus any
applicable taxes, in accordance with the billing
terms and prices in effect at the time the fee or
charge becomes payable. You authorize RN to
automatically bill the charge card you provide
each month, or withdraw funds via electronic
transfer from your checking account (depending on
what type of charge card you are using), until you
cancel the Services. Payments are billed in
advance at the beginning of the applicable month.
All payments are completely non-refundable. You
may cancel the Services at any time, but RN will
not refund any remaining portion of your
subscription fees, including any minimum
commitments, already billed to your account. You
agree to provide RN with a valid credit card and
accurate, complete and updated information
required by the subscription registration form.
Failure to comply may result in the immediate
termination of Services.   RN will assess an
additional 1.5% (or the highest amount allowed by
law, whichever is lower) per month late charge if
your payment is more than 30 days past due. That
amount is also due immediately. You are
responsible and liable for any fees, including
attorney and collection fees, that RN may incur in
its efforts to collect any remaining balances from
you. You also agree that you will be billed for
and will pay any outstanding balances if you
cancel the Services, or the Services are
terminated. You agree to notify RN about any
billing problems or discrepancies within 90 days
after they first appear on your account statement.
If you do not bring them to RN's attention within
90 days, you agree that you waive your right to
dispute such problems or discrepancies. During
your subscription period, you will be entitled to
receive: (1) premium Content (as defined below);
(2) any generally available RealPlayer upgrades
released during your subscription period; and (3)
RealPlayer support services as described at
http://service.real.com/help/call.html. You
understand that all information, audio, video,
musical compositions, multimedia presentations,
images, artwork, data, text, software, sound,
photographs, graphics, messages or other materials
(collectively, "Content") provided in conjunction
with the Services are the sole responsibility of
the entity from which such Content originated and
not RN. You understand that by using the Service
and accessing the Content, you may be exposed to
Content that you may find objectionable; it is
your responsibility to determine which Content
meets your standards. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL
RN BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU
HAVE ACCESS TO DURING YOUR SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR
OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT, QUALITY OF THE CONTENT,
AVAILABILITY OF THE CONTENT, THE SUBJECT MATTER OF
THE CONTENT, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND
INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT
PROVIDED AS PART OF THE SERVICE. 

2. YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL REAL SERVICES

You may cancel the Real Services at any time. You
will not receive any refund or partial refund for
any charges already billed to your account. In the
event you signed up for a minimum commitment
period, you will be responsible for all charges
for the entire minimum commitment period. You may
cancel the services by accessing your RealNetworks
account at www.real.com.  Cancellation
instructions are available through the 'Manage My
Membership' Options on the My Account Main page.
Further, you may contact RealNetworks by phone at
1-888-768-3248 (from the United States or Canada),
or 1-206-674-2650 from other locations. You
understand and agree that cancellation of your
subscription is your sole right and remedy with
respect to any dispute with RN. This includes, but
is not limited to, any dispute related to, or
arising out of: (1) any term of this Agreement or
RN's enforcement or application of this Agreement;
(2) any policy or practice of RN, including any RN
Privacy Policy, or RN's enforcement or application
of these policies; (3) the Content available
through RN or the Internet or any change in
Content provided through RN; (4) your ability to
access and/or use the Content; (5) any
RealNetworks Software or Content provided by or
through RealNetworks; or (6) the amount or type of
fees, applicable taxes, billing methods, or any
change to the fees, applicable taxes, or billing
methods. 

3. REALNETWORKS' RIGHT TO TERMINATE OR MODIFY SERVICES

RN may modify the terms of this Agreement or the
Services, including but not limited to the price,
content or nature of the Services, upon notice to
you. In the event RN modifies the Agreement or the
Services, you may terminate the Services. RN may
terminate this Agreement and any Services at any
time upon notice to you, provided that you will be
entitled to receive the Services for any period
for which you have already paid, or a pro-rata
refund at RN's sole discretion. RN may provide
notice by e-mail or by publishing the changes on
its website. This Agreement will automatically
terminate if you fail to comply with any term. No
notice shall be required from RN to effect such
termination. Upon any termination of this
Agreement (whether by you or RN), you shall
immediately discontinue use of the Services. Your
obligation to pay accrued charges and fees shall
survive any termination of this Agreement.  

4. SERVICE USE RESTRICTIONS.

a) You agree that you shall only use the Services
and Content in a manner that complies with all
applicable laws in the jurisdictions in which you
use the Services and Content, including, but not
limited to, applicable restrictions concerning
copyright and other intellectual property rights.
Except as specifically authorized herein, you may
not: (i) permit other individuals to use the
Content and Services; (ii) modify, translate,
distribute or create derivative works of the
Content or the Services; (iii) copy or
redistribute the Content; (iv) rent, lease,
transfer, or otherwise transfer rights to the
Content or the Services; (v) remove any
proprietary notices or labels on the Content or
Service; and (vi) add to, alter, delete from, or
otherwise modify the Content. 

b) You may only use the Services and Content for
your private, non-commercial use. You may not use
the Services or Content in any way to provide, or
as part of, any commercial service or application.
All Content, including but not limited to that is
streamed, downloaded or copied using the Services
are protected by the U.S. copyright laws and
related laws of other jurisdictions, and are for
your own personal use only. You may not, under any
circumstances, distribute Content to third
parties, or broadcast or perform the Content
outside your normal circle of family and social
acquaintances. 

c) You may not attempt to, in conjunction with,
any device, software program or service,
circumvent technological measures employed to
control access to, or the rights in, a Content
file. The Service embodies a copy management
system required by the laws of the United States,
and you may not circumvent or attempt to
circumvent this system by any means. 

d) In addition to any other remedies available in
equity or law to RN and RN's Content suppliers,
failure to comply with any of the terms and
conditions in this Section 4 Service Use
Restrictions shall immediately terminate your
license to the Content and the Services. 

5. PERSONAL INFORMATION AND PRIVACY

Personal information you provide to RealNetworks
is governed by RealNetworks Privacy Policy at
http://www.realnetworks.com/company/privacy/index.html.
Your election to use the free or paid Software and
Services, indicates your acceptance of the terms
of the RealNetworks Privacy Policy, so please
review it carefully if you have any questions
about RealNetworks treatment of personal
information you provide to us. 

6. E-MAIL NOTIFICATION.  
To let you know what new Content and Services are
available from time to time, RN will send you
e-mail describing the latest Content and how to
get access to the Content. You agree that as a
Service subscriber, RN may send you such e-mail to
the address you provide. Because this e-mail is
necessary for you to receive the Services, you
will receive this e-mail even if you have opted
out of receiving other e-mail from RN. If you do
not want to receive this e-mail, you may cancel
the Service at any time as provided in this
Agreement, or opt out of the Real Service e-mail
as provided in each e-mail. 

